chore(docs): Add doc for task outputs permissions (#369)
Substra/substra-documentation: docs/source/substrafl_doc/substrafl_overview.rst

            "n_sample": len(dataset),
            "parameter_update": parameters_update,
        }

Task outputs permissions
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> For each kind of tasks there is different outputs with their own permissions. This section will describe the default permissions settings for each kind of task in the FedAvg example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For each kind of tasks there is different outputs with their own permissions. This section describes the default permissions settings for each kind of task in the **FedAvg strategy**, chosen as an example.
```

Note that you can go and change these settings in the code if they don't fit your needs.

Initialisation task
*******************

> - local: Model type output. Permissions are available to the creator organization and the organizations with registered test dataset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ``local``: Model type output. Permissions are available to the creator organization and the organizations with registered test dataset.
```
I would add these type to highlight the name of the output

> - shared: Model type output. Permissions are available to the creator oganization, the organizations with registered test datasets and the organization handling aggregations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ``shared``: Model type output. Permissions are available to the creator oganization, the organizations with registered test datasets and the organization handling aggregations.
```

> - ``shared``: Model type output. Permissions are set to the creator oganization, the organizations with registered test datasets and the organization handling aggregations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ``shared``: Model type output. Permissions are set to the oganization that creates the task, the organizations with registered test datasets and the organization handling aggregations.
```

Train task
**********

> - local: Model type output. Permissions are available to the creator organization and the organizations with registered test dataset.

Reviewer: Not sure about the "creator organization"... It's unclear IMO. Better say "the organization that creates the task" maybe ?

> - local: Model type output. Permissions are available to the creator organization and the organizations with registered test dataset.
> - shared: Model type output. Permissions are available to the creator oganization, the organizations with registered test datasets and the organization handling aggregations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ``local``: Model type output. Permissions are available to the creator organization and the organizations with registered test dataset.
- ``shared``: Model type output. Permissions are available to the creator oganization, the organizations with registered test datasets and the organization handling aggregations.
```

> - ``shared``: Model type output. Permissions are set to the creator oganization, the organizations with registered test datasets and the organization handling aggregations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ``shared``: Model type output. Permissions are set to the oganization that creates the task, the organizations with registered test datasets and the organization handling aggregations.
```

Prediction task
***************

> - prediction: Model type output. Permissions are only available to the creator organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- prediction: Model type output. Permissions are only set to the organization that creates the task.
```
Available is not the right word IMO. (same for several places in the page)

> - prediction: Model type output. Permissions are only available to the creator organization.
> 
> Test task
> **********
> 
> - performance: Number type output. Permissions are public, available to all.
> 
> Aggregation task
> ****************
> 
> - shared: Model type output. Permissions are available to organizations with train tasks. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ``prediction``: Model type output. Permissions are only available to the creator organization.

Test task
**********

- ``performance``: Number type output. Permissions are public, available to all.

Aggregation task
****************

- ``shared``: Model type output. Permissions are available to organizations with train tasks. 
```
